Funds will be allocated by 0900 GMT tomorrow and credited to accounts later in the day .	Durham
Conditions not yet set .	Following
He had risen very rapidly , but from very dirty beginnings ; being first a `` nark `` or informer , and then a money - lender : but as solicitor to the Eyres he had the sense , as I say , to keep technically straight until he was ready to deal the final blow .	Legends
`` I should hope not ; but really when I look around among my acquaintance , I tremble .	8
4 : 10 But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly , that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again ; wherein ye were also careful , but ye lacked opportunity .	It
I do beleeue you .	14
It said gold production will average 41 , 000 ounces per year for the mine life and 99 , 000 ounces of silver per year .	Consideration
It was Mr . and Mrs . Montague .	There
Top discount rate at U . K . Bill tender rises to 8 . 7239 pct	DOW
Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories .	The
They had been speaking of it as they walked about Highbury the day before , and Frank Churchill had most earnestly lamented her absence .	Beau
7 : 28 For I say unto you , Among those that are born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptist : but he that is least in the kingdom of God is greater than he .	And
she _shall_ _not_ do such a thing again , '' eagerly rejoined Mrs . Elton .	25
Malaysia has come under pressure from some producers to join the pact soon , officials said , but they noted that it need not rush to do so as there are provisions which allow countries to join the agreement even at a later date .	BURMAH
Large banks -- those with assets of one billion dlrs or more -- reporting fourth - quarter losses totaled 22 , the FDIC said .	The
The company said initial costs connected with the startupo of a new Memphis , Tenn . , marketing center for Seven Oaks direct may hurt earnings slightly in the first half of the year ending in April 1988 , but Seven Oaks Direct should operate at no worse than breakeven for fiscal 1988 as a whole .	On
127 : 1 Except the LORD build the house , they labour in vain that build it : except the LORD keep the city , the watchman waketh but in vain .	O
Burs .	``
119 : 23 Princes also did sit and speak against me : but thy servant did meditate in thy statutes .	26
`` Forgive , brother , without asking what , '' said Bertha , smiling .	CHAPTER
After the seas are all cross ' d , ( as they seem already cross ' d , ) After the great captains and engineers have accomplish ' d their work , After the noble inventors , after the scientists , the chemist , the geologist , ethnologist , Finally shall come the poet worthy that name , The true son of God shall come singing his songs .	In
`` Well , I ' ll come presently . ''	For
`` Watched us out of the house ! ''	Anne
Thas said 32 of the 543 passsengers and crew were confirmed dead and 160 were missing , bringing the total of dead or presumed dead to 192 .	USSR
Ile not be Iuggel ' d with .	23
If approved by shareholders , the amalgamation will take effect April 30 , Husky said .	The
It said there are now 3 , 002 , 500 common shares outstanding with a quoted price of about 7 / 8 bid , compared to 150 , 125 , 000 shares outstanding prior to the split .	The
We have notice of it in a letter to - day .	I
AMERICAN SOFTWARE INC & lt ; AMSWA > 3RD QTR JAN 31 NET Shr 42 cts vs 19 cts Net 2 , 903 , 000 vs 1 , 307 , 000 Revs 13 . 1 mln vs 8 , 937 , 000 Avg shrs 6 , 877 , 360 vs 6 , 874 , 970 Nine mths Shr 98 cts vs 62 cts Net 6 , 740 , 000 vs 4 , 085 , 000 Revs 33 . 9 mln vs 27 . 8 mln Avg shrs 6 , 875 , 706 vs 6 , 605 , 879	It
Nay : but by the law of faith .	Ah
Stand ho	16
10 : 20 Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God ; him shalt thou serve , and to him shalt thou cleave , and swear by his name .	They
I am very happy .	Nevertheless
Now storming fury rose , And clamour such as heard in Heaven till now Was never ; arms on armour clashing brayed Horrible discord , and the madding wheels Of brazen chariots raged ; dire was the noise Of conflict ; over head the dismal hiss Of fiery darts in flaming vollies flew , And flying vaulted either host with fire .	``
No perceptible face or front did it have ; no conceivable token of either sensation or instinct ; but undulated there on the billows , an unearthly , formless , chance - like apparition of life .	Mr
But tell us , child , how came you by all this riches ?	The
Official prices had been effectively dropped in 1985 when members offered discounts to attract customers .	Pig
Scena Quinta .	``
`` Suppose a person in a position of trust , '' went on the priest , `` began to give the enemy information because it was false information .	You
CYACQ RAISES OFFER FOR CYCLOPS TO 92 . 50 DLRS / SHARE FROM 80 DLRS	``
`` Well , Miss Woodhouse ! ''	the
`` Should you know any one of your pieces of wood again if you were to see them ? ''	Ham
Each warrant , priced at 955 Swiss francs , entitled holders to acquire five - ounce bars of . 999 gold in the period from April 30 , 1987 , to July 31 , 1991 , exercisable on Wednesdays .	COURT
29 : 12 And I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate , and her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years : and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations , and will disperse them through the countries .	Will
1 : 6 And this is love , that we walk after his commandments .	A
LAWSON SAYS LOUVRE CURRENCY ACCORD SATISFACTORY The Louvre agreement by the Group of Seven finance ministers and central bankers to stabilise currencies has worked well and needs no fundamental strengthening at the economic summit in Venice on June 8 - 10 , U . K . Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson said .	``
`` I had a few lines on parish business from Mr . Weston this morning , and at the end of them he gave me a brief account of what had happened . ''	Then
`` It was all the more clear when he had crested the ridge and found how naked was the nest of his old enemy .	And
Hence I sign this salute over the sea , And I do not deny that terrible red birth and baptism , But remember the little voice that I heard wailing , and wait with perfect trust , no matter how long , And from to - day sad and cogent I maintain the bequeath ' d cause , as for all lands , And I send these words to Paris with my love , And I guess some chansonniers there will understand them , For I guess there is latent music yet in France , floods of it , O I hear already the bustle of instruments , they will soon be drowning all that would interrupt them , O I think the east wind brings a triumphal and free march , It reaches hither , it swells me to Joyful madness , I will run transpose it in words , to justify I will yet sing a song for you ma femme .	Her
`` And still we ask if God or man Can loosen thee Lazarus ; Bid thee rise up republican , And save thyself and all of us .	Much
Situated as we are with Lady Dalrymple , cousins , we ought to be very careful not to embarrass her with acquaintance she might not approve .	25
Haue you eyes ?	``
Conger said he sees Homestake ' s 1987 gold production about the same as 1986 gold production of 669 , 594 ounces .	The
Cetology .	``
In 1986 the company earned 4 . 42 dlrs a share .	``
She had much to recover from , before she could move .	``
Inventories have steadily declined , with supply and demand in better balance , but overcapacity continues , CRA said .	Older
But take care of yourself .	for
Last year , IBM earned 4 . 8 billion dlrs on revenues of 51 . 3 billion dlrs .	ROYAL
Leslie said Fed actions and reserve data once these pressures abate will show whether or not it is firming policy .	The
99 : 3 Let them praise thy great and terrible name ; for it is holy .	Bru
The company emphasized the first quarter is a traditionally slow period for the ferry industry , which is part of Sea Containers ' business .	Some
Finance Ministry officials blamed last month ' s slower import growth on a decline in oil imports as refiners worked off stocks they had built up in January .	DRAVO
he now cried to the bowsman , as the waning whale relaxed in his wrath .	18
Poor old John , I have a great regard for him ; he was clerk to my poor father twenty - seven years ; and now , poor old man , he is bed - ridden , and very poorly with the rheumatic gout in his joints -- I must go and see him to - day ; and so will Jane , I am sure , if she gets out at all .	Mrs
It ' s always six o ' clock now . '	He
41 : 3 Then went he inward , and measured the post of the door , two cubits ; and the door , six cubits ; and the breadth of the door , seven cubits .	O
`` Where is Marianne ?	4
1 : 21 And it came to pass , because the midwives feared God , that he made them houses .	Murder
Berkeley Street , January .	``
26 : 16 And Abimelech said unto Isaac , Go from us ; for thou art much mightier than we .	But
Taken back into the Army now as an Sp 4 , I am leaving 110 college students whose teacher I am .	Participants
He came directly from the shoal which we had just before entered , and in which we had struck three of his companions , as if fired with revenge for their sufferings . ''	The
And yet , I say again , and swear it now , that there ' s something all glorious and gracious in the wind .	28
`` Three points off the lee bow , sir . ''	Harriet
And he opened it .	10
in wisdom hast thou made them all : the earth is full of thy riches .	And
The year - earlier figure excluded a 1 , 817 , 000 dlr loss from discontinued operations .	UNITED
Just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is Laura Stuart , whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to watch .	And
Sight deposits are an important measure of money market liquidity in Switzerland .	However
Earlier , it reported net income for the two - month period of 23 . 1 mln dlrs of 1 . 51 dlr a share .	DEPOSIT
A spokesman for Schlumberger declined to elaborate on the company ' s news release .	Cathode
Come Sisters , cheere we vp his sprights , And shew the best of our delights .	why
Mr . Palmer is the kind of man I like . ''	I
I ' m sure you only say that because you envy me .	She
Joys all thine own undying one , joys worthy thee O soul .	she
Analysts have said Commerce Bank was pressing Dome to sell the stock to pay down its debt .	Parent
A Taft spokeswoman referred all questions to TVX and Salomon .	``
`` Who would have thought it , Flask ! ''	exclaimed
The charming Augusta Hawkins , in addition to all the usual advantages of perfect beauty and merit , was in possession of an independent fortune , of so many thousands as would always be called ten ; a point of some dignity , as well as some convenience : the story told well ; he had not thrown himself away -- he had gained a woman of 10 , 000 l . or thereabouts ; and he had gained her with such delightful rapidity -- the first hour of introduction had been so very soon followed by distinguishing notice ; the history which he had to give Mrs . Cole of the rise and progress of the affair was so glorious -- the steps so quick , from the accidental rencontre , to the dinner at Mr . Green ' s , and the party at Mrs . Brown ' s -- smiles and blushes rising in importance -- with consciousness and agitation richly scattered -- the lady had been so easily impressed -- so sweetly disposed -- had in short , to use a most intelligible phrase , been so very ready to have him , that vanity and prudence were equally contented .	I
The company said the divestiture follows a resolution of its board in February that cited increased political and social unrest within South Africa and the refusal of the South African government to abolish the apartheid system .	Lower
Western analysts attributed the deficit rise with the West to the world oil price slump , which hit Moscow ' s main export and cut hard currency earnings needed for purchases in the West .	YEN
UNITED TECH & lt ; UTX > SEES NO EARNINGS IMPACT United Technologies Corp said the decision by an international consortium not to develop a new engine would have no impact on 1987 or 1988 earnings .	DE
ARITECH CORP & lt ; ARIT . O > 3RD QTR OCT TWO Shr 34 cts vs 33 cts Net 1 , 031 , 000 vs 972 , 000 Revs 27 . 9 mln vs 26 . 9 mln Nine mths Shr 93 cts vs 76 cts Net 2 , 802 , 000 vs 2 , 267 , 000 Revs 86 . 1 mln vs 77 . 7 mln NOTE : 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths revs includes sales to ADT Inc of 3 . 0 mln dlrs and 10 . 9 mln dlrs .	The
cried Starbuck , `` look at thy boat , old man ! ''	15
35 : 9 By reason of the multitude of oppressions they make the oppressed to cry : they cry out by reason of the arm of the mighty .	23
Boschwitz was one of the original supporters of a marketing loan for cotton and rice , but has since focused support on decoupling legislation , the Boren / Boschwitiz bill .	``
BANKAMERICA & lt ; BAC > CHAIR SAYS BANK TURNING AROUND BankAmerica Corp Chairman A . W .	If
said the king .	There
Von Wartenberg said the economy still had good export opportunities .	The
who hath gathered the wind in his fists ?	16
Alice did not dare to disobey , though she felt sure it would all come wrong , and she went on in a trembling voice : --	But
There is no curse in it at all . ''	Come
Then , without glancing at the point or pommel , he handed the long weapon to the doctor .	13
The Lion is dead !	Women
He put up a trembling hand and took from that shelf a piece of twisted paper , which he opened absently only to find it inscribed with a true lover ' s knot and , the words : --	Conversation
I have given them a good run for their money , and I will now . ''	10
Aye , shipmates , Jonah was gone down into the sides of the ship -- a berth in the cabin as I have taken it , and was fast asleep .	18
U . S . M - 1 MONEY SUPPLY ROSE 2 . 1 BILLION DLRS U . S . M - 1 money supply rose 2 . 1 billion dlrs to a seasonally adjusted 736 . 7 billion dlrs in the February 16 week , the Federal Reserve said .	However
30 : 13 And there assembled at Jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month , a very great congregation .	2
3 : 21 The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also now save us ( not the putting away of the filth of the flesh , but the answer of a good conscience toward God , ) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ : 3 : 22 Who is gone into heaven , and is on the right hand of God ; angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him .	or
2 : 32 These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of their fathers : all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their hosts were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty .	cried
68 : 10 Thy congregation hath dwelt therein : thou , O God , hast prepared of thy goodness for the poor .	Oh
Half and hour ' s solitude and reflection might have tranquillized her ; but the ten minutes only which now passed before she was interrupted , with all the restraints of her situation , could do nothing towards tranquillity .	21
And I declare it ' s too bad , that it is ! '	Behold
Her next beginning was ,	Lucifer
It checked the idleness of one , and the business of the other .	Father
Land .	Enter
8 : 8 And he went up thence to Penuel , and spake unto them likewise : and the men of Penuel answered him as the men of Succoth had answered him .	However
Dunhill makes compact discs .	The
9 : 5 And whosoever will not receive you , when ye go out of that city , shake off the very dust from your feet for a testimony against them .	for
I thought I heard a carriage last night , while we were drinking our tea , but it never entered my head that it could be them .	But
31 : 2 And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban , and , behold , it was not toward him as before .	}
When your father and mother moved to Norland , though the furniture of Stanhill was sold , all the china , plate , and linen was saved , and is now left to your mother .	The
They know -- that is , Mr . Grant , who is sharp enough , knows -- that he will be worsted in that suit ; that he must , in short , pay you a good round sum for damages , if it goes on -- ''	1
6 : 15 And he shall take of it his handful , of the flour of the meat offering , and of the oil thereof , and all the frankincense which is upon the meat offering , and shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savour , even the memorial of it , unto the LORD .	3
Analysts , contacted on Sunday said the statement does little to clarify last week ' s market speculation .	Japan
Consolidated debt 54 . 3 billion francs vs 61 . 9 billion .	This
The inflation outlook , while broadly satisfactory , has worsened in recent months , with OECD consumer prices forecast to rise 3 . 5 pct this year and 3 . 75 pct in 1988 after a 2 . 8 pct increase in 1986 .	TELEPHONE
21 : 22 And if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be to be put to death , and thou hang him on a tree : 21 : 23 His body shall not remain all night upon the tree , but thou shalt in any wise bury him that day ; ( for he that is hanged is accursed of God ; ) that thy land be not defiled , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance .	Giue
7 : 16 The nations shall see and be confounded at all their might : they shall lay their hand upon their mouth , their ears shall be deaf .	Call
31 : 31 And Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD commanded Moses .	2
The DOT added , however , that TWA was free to refile when it could put together an application for control that met the agency ' s procedural requirements .	``
`` I know , Leonora , that you love Louisa better than you love me ; that ' s the injustice ! ''	``
`` What are you thinking of ? ''	Listen
`` We can not leave him among all those beasts , '' cried Syme .	14
The contents were highly embarrassing to American spokesmen , who were on hand to promise Latin Americans a 20 billion dollar foreign aid millennium .	Mr.
`` To be sure ! ''	O
The diplomat said domestic demand was rising by about five pct a year but `` a communist government is in a much better position to regulate demand than a capitalist one , if the foreign exchange situation demands it . ''	In
23 : 19 Ye fools and blind : for whether is greater , the gift , or the altar that sanctifieth the gift ?	In
32 : 3 For Zedekiah king of Judah had shut him up , saying , Wherefore dost thou prophesy , and say , Thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall take it ; 32 : 4 And Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans , but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon , and shall speak with him mouth to mouth , and his eyes shall behold his eyes ; 32 : 5 And he shall lead Zedekiah to Babylon , and there shall he be until I visit him , saith the LORD : though ye fight with the Chaldeans , ye shall not prosper .	3
23 : 6 In his days Judah shall be saved , and Israel shall dwell safely : and this is his name whereby he shall be called , THE LORD OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS .	1
`` The proposal has been talked of in Brussels for the past 20 years , and dropped every time .	KRAFT
No hurry for a signal at all .	For
Poor Marianne , languid and low from the nature of her malady , and feeling herself universally ill , could no longer hope that tomorrow would find her recovered ; and the idea of what tomorrow would have produced , but for this unlucky illness , made every ailment severe ; for on that day they were to have begun their journey home ; and , attended the whole way by a servant of Mrs . Jennings , were to have taken their mother by surprise on the following forenoon .	50
BRITAIN BACKS U . S . STRIKE ON IRAN OIL PLATFORM British Foreign Secretary Sir Geoffrey Howe backed the United States ' attack on an Iranian oil platform on Monday and said it should not worsen the Gulf crisis .	STEWART
The Providence Sunday Journal article ( Jan. 29 ) asking whether American taxpayers are being victimized by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected disabilities sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news .	Those
`` If we can sell more than our quota at official prices , while some countries are suffering difficulties marketing their share , it means we in Kuwait are unusually clever , '' he said .	``
During the 1950s there were as many as 25,000 schools in the Congo .	He
`` I am glad of it .	What
One always knows beforehand what the dinner will be , and who will be there ; and it is so very uncomfortable not having a carriage of one ' s own .	``
In the meantime , Leonora had gone into the hall to buy a bodkin ; she had just broken hers .	And
ChemLawn said its board asked management and its financial advisor , Smith Barney , Harris Upham And Co Inc , to seek other purchasers of the company to maximize shareholder value .	The
is there nothing greater or more ?	The
119 : 24 Thy testimonies also are my delight and my counsellors . leth .	said
The company also said it expects to add nine company - owned and franchised Major Video stores in the next 60 days .	For
The partnership said it was willing to negotiate all points of its offer , including price .	Sweden
33 : 8 And they departed from before Pihahiroth , and passed through the midst of the sea into the wilderness , and went three days ' journey in the wilderness of Etham , and pitched in Marah .	2
CANADA PLANS TO MONITOR STEEL IMPORTS , EXPORTS , TRADE MINISTER SAYS	Already
Her early impressions were incurable .	I
Totaling 3,399 , sales jumped 14 per cent over February 's 2,963 .	It
How much of genius boldly staked and lost for it !	``
The worst to bear was the cruelty of the keeper .	1
36 : 8 They shall be abundantly satisfied with the fatness of thy house ; and thou shalt make them drink of the river of thy pleasures .	I
Work on a second drill , below 4 , 000 meters , would start soon in the Bay of Gabes , the statement said .	Volcker
`` But , may I ask , '' he said at last , `` what the devil you are doing in my summer - house ? ''	Three
36 : 18 And all the vessels of the house of God , great and small , and the treasures of the house of the LORD , and the treasures of the king , and of his princes ; all these he brought to Babylon .	48
The company said the deal is expected to be closed in mid - August .	Although
In this book is an outline purporting to be a `` Picture of a Physeter or Spermaceti whale , drawn by scale from one killed on the coast of Mexico , August , 1793 , and hoisted on deck . ''	She
5 : 41 And he took the damsel by the hand , and said unto her , Talitha cumi ; which is , being interpreted , Damsel , I say unto thee , arise .	104
inquired his lordship .	``
`` I would rather be talking to you , '' he replied ; `` but as it seems a matter of justice , it shall be done . ''	It
Under the ATPC plan , Malaysia has been allocated an export quota of 28 , 526 tonnes , Indonesia 24 , 516 , Thailand 19 , 000 , Bolivia 13 , 761 , Zaire 1 , 736 and Nigeria 1 , 461 .	On
Evergreen has a fleet of 66 container vessels , totalling more than two mln dwt , the spokeswoman said .	was
I hear the Egyptian harp of many strings , The primitive chants of the Nile boatmen , The sacred imperial hymns of China , To the delicate sounds of the king , ( the stricken wood and stone , ) Or to Hindu flutes and the fretting twang of the vina , A band of bayaderes .	But
How to have this anxious business set to rights , and be admitted as cousins again , was the question : and it was a question which , in a more rational manner , neither Lady Russell nor Mr Elliot thought unimportant .	Some
STOREHOUSE REPORTS HIGHER PROFITS IN 1986 / 87 53 weeks to April 4 , 1987 Share - basic 22 . 2p vs 21 . 6p - fully - diluted 21 . 6p vs 19 . 9p Final dividend 6 . 3p vs 5 . 7p , making 8 . 6p vs 7 . 7p Pretax profits 129 . 2 mln stg vs 116 . 0 mln Turnover 1 , 088 . 1 mln stg vs 968 . 4 mln Profit from retail operations 133 . 3 mln stg vs 115 . 6 mln Tax 40 . 1 mln stg vs 36 . 5 mln Profit after tax 89 . 1 mln stg vs 79 . 5 mln Extraordinary items debit 0 . 7 mln stg vs debit 24 mln NOTE - full name is Storehouse Plc & lt ; STHL . L >	Total
NORWAY ' S WHOLESALE PRICES RISE 0 . 5 PCT IN FEBRUARY Norway ' s wholesale price index ( base 1981 ) rose 0 . 5 pct in February to 136 . 0 after a 1 . 7 pct rise in January to 135 . 0 , the Central Bureau of Statistics said .	However
He persisted in having loved none but her .	9
ECOLAB & lt ; ECL > STARTS BID FOR CHEMLAWN & lt ; CHEM > Ecolab Inc said it has started its previously - announced tender offer for all shares of ChemLawn Corp at 36 . 50 dlrs each .	Over
Nay .	The
There she breaches ! ''	3
Italy has sent eight ships , including three frigates and three minesweepers , to the Gulf to protect Italian merchant shipping there .	Among
That name best Befits thee with him leagued , thyself as false And hateful ; nothing wants , but that thy shape , Like his , and colour serpentine , may show Thy inward fraud ; to warn all creatures from thee Henceforth ; lest that too heavenly form , pretended To hellish falshood , snare them !	If
Fearing in his heart lest this might prove but too true , the captain a little desisted , but still commanded the insurgents instantly to return to their duty .	20
Granma said 20 , 000 head of cattle are now in imminent danger .	The
1 : 19 And the king communed with them ; and among them all was found none like Daniel , Hananiah , Mishael , and Azariah : therefore stood they before the king .	``
She left upon ordinary people the impression -- the somewhat irritating impression -- produced by such a person ; it can only be described as the sense of strong water being perpetually poured into some abyss .	It
The firmer tone to refining margins in Europe and the U . S . relected higher prices for petroleum products , particularly gasoline , and support from crude oil prices .	The
19 : 12 And the men said unto Lot , Hast thou here any besides ?	She
I wonder if I shall ever see you any more ! '	and
She ran away to indulge the inclination , leaving the tender and the sublime of pleasure to Harriet ' s share .	She
GRAIN SHIPS LOADING AT PORTLAND There were three grain ships loading and two ships were waiting to load at Portland , according to the Portland Merchants Exchange .	GCC
You would have almost thought they were pulling down the cursed Bastille , such wild cries they raised , as the now useless brick and mortar were being hurled into the sea .	1
I now prophesy that I will dismember my dismemberer .	11
William A. Martinelli , chairman of the Citizens Group of Johnston , transferred the petitions from his left hand to his right hand after the council voted to accept them at the suggestion of Council President Raymond Fortin Sr. .	Dollar
The agency added that it would continue to consider a separate TWA request for federal clearance to purchase USAir stock through a voting trust .	He
MONITERM CORP & lt ; MTRM . O > 3RD QTR OPER NET Oper shr profit 13 cts vs nil Oper net profit 612 , 806 vs profit 2 , 363 Sales 8 , 317 , 933 vs 2 , 823 , 243 Nine mths Oper shr profit 32 cts vs loss four cts Oper net profit 1 , 464 , 338 vs loss 161 , 315 Sales 20 . 3 mln vs 8 , 241 , 463 NOTE : 1987 earnings exclude gains from utilization of tax loss carryforwards of 321 , 980 dlrs , or seven cts a share in the quarter and 772 , 285 dlrs , or 17 cts a share for the nine months	Agricultural
This is the Pequod , bound round the world !	44
27 : 34 In the time when thou shalt be broken by the seas in the depths of the waters thy merchandise and all thy company in the midst of thee shall fall .	So
He had no notion where or at what level he was .	So
5 : 24 Blessed above women shall Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite be , blessed shall she be above women in the tent .	``
I looked at the grand and glorious fellow , but saw no one to be saved .	Nursing
The dollar lost more than two pfennigs in the U . S . to about 1 . 7740 / 50 marks and about one yen to 141 . 25 / 35 yen .	Indonesia
1985 net includes nonrecurring cost of 2 . 6 mln dlrs and provision for separation pay of 1 . 5 mln dlrs .	MORSE
Nothing more happened on the passage worthy the mentioning ; so , after a fine run , we safely arrived in Nantucket .	Then
25 : 5 Thou shalt bring down the noise of strangers , as the heat in a dry place ; even the heat with the shadow of a cloud : the branch of the terrible ones shall be brought low .	A
119 : 110 The wicked have laid a snare for me : yet I erred not from thy precepts .	``
Fairfax said its flagship dailies , The Sydney Morning Herald and the Melbourne Age , boosted advertising volume , as did the Australian Financial Review , and posted extremely satisfactory performances .	The
OWENS AND MINOR INC & lt ; OBOD . O > 3RD QTR NET Shr 36 cts vs 36 cts Shr diluted 34 cts vs 31 cts Net 1 , 679 , 000 vs 1 , 418 , 000 Sales 147 . 2 mln vs 121 . 5 mln Avg shrs 4 , 608 , 000 vs 3 , 963 , 000 Avg shrs diluted 5 , 585 , 000 vs 5 , 463 , 000 Nine mths Shr 1 . 04 dlrs vs 86 cts Shr diluted 93 cts vs 77 cts Net 4 , 387 , 000 vs 3 , 393 , 000 Sales 420 . 3 mln vs 338 . 7 mln Avg shrs 4 , 233 , 000 vs 3 , 948 , 000 Avg shrs diluted 5 , 564 , 000 vs 5 , 468 , 000	Prior
`` Stay , '' said Mrs . Tattle , whose curiosity was excited ; `` what can the Edens want with chimney - sweepers at this time o ' night , I wonder ?	The
FRENCH MARKET TALK OF SYRIAN WHEAT PURCHASES Syria may have bought 80 , 000 tonnes of French soft wheat , some traders here said .	This
During the last week of April , silver futures often traded at the daily allowable limit amid concerns about inflation , the dollar , and other factors .	Last
9 : 12 Turn you to the strong hold , ye prisoners of hope : even to day do I declare that I will render double unto thee ; 9 : 13 When I have bent Judah for me , filled the bow with Ephraim , and raised up thy sons , O Zion , against thy sons , O Greece , and made thee as the sword of a mighty man .	He
His uncle took up a pen , and calculated for a few minutes ; then , showing the back of the letter , upon which he was writing , to his nephews , `` Cast up these sums , boys , '' said he , `` and tell me whether I am right . ''	But
He would find out at least if the President was mortal .	He
Yes , I immediately perceive that it must be the joint present of Mr . and Mrs . Dixon .	Yes
Demand deposit rates , however , will remain the same .	Imports
Parent company pre - tax profit 1 . 97 billion vs 1 . 91 billion .	NOTE
Bolivia has frozen payments on medium and long term loans to commercial banks since March , 1984 , and Nogales said there would be no money available to restart traditional debt servicing to them for some time .	LEADING
This prophecy made a deep impression upon her .	Death
Don , who played drums , has n't seen his chum since .	The
It is a great while since we met . ''	22
Zico said the suit is totally without merit and vigorously intends to contest it .	It
' THERE , to be sure , ' said she , ' I might have thought myself safe . '	In
Martell said the dry weather conditions last fall probably prevented optimal seed germination for winter grains .	Both
Nor cease at the theme of One ' s - Self .	Is
`` Because , your Majesty , '' said the King - crab , `` I saw that the Crayfish had shouldered his lance . ''	``
22 : 20 And he saith unto them , Whose is this image and superscription ?	``
( OCTAVO ) , and begins BOOK III .	She
A crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies , which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit , dance and song .	The
Lord J .	``
`` Yes , '' said Syme very seriously , `` a promise .	The
And surely his Scapin has a fresh directness , a no-nonsense quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody 's servant .	Freedom
I never saw anybody in my life spell harder for an invitation .	It
`` In the near term , there is absolutely no reason for the Fed to ease policy , even apart from the slowdown in money growth , '' said Stephen Slifer , economist at Lehman Government Securities Inc . Economists generally expect a modest pickup in monetary growth in March after February ' s anemic growth rates .	The
Opec deliberately under 15 . 8 mln barrel ceiling to defend price - Subroto	``
John Lichtblau , director of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation Inc said that renegotiation of the pact was more of a formality as the Saudis have each company on a separate schedule although separate agreements with the companies would favor one on one negotiations and ensure that contracted liftings occur .	It
IRAQI OIL MINISTER REPLACED - OFFICIAL Iraq ' s Oil Minister Qassem Ahmed Taqi has been moved to the Heavy Industries ministry , the official Iraqi news agcny INA said tonight .	``
She felt that she was dozing off , and had just begun to dream that she was walking hand in hand with Dinah , and saying to her very earnestly , ' Now , Dinah , tell me the truth : did you ever eat a bat ? '	Then
`` He did .	who
But no longer snuffing in the trail of the wild beasts of the woodland , Tashtego now hunted in the wake of the great whales of the sea ; the unerring harpoon of the son fitly replacing the infallible arrow of the sires .	26
You were single .	Quickly
But why Stands Macbeth thus amazedly ?	49
U . K . MONEY MARKET GIVEN 75 MLN STG ASSISTANCE The Bank of England said it had provided the money market with 75 mln stg help in the morning session .	FOUR
18 : 5 They answered him , Jesus of Nazareth .	27
INT ' L TOTALIZATOR & lt ; ITSI > SEES BETTER 1ST QTR International Totalizator Systems Inc Vice President of Finance Joel Graff said he expects to report an improved first quarter compared to the 377 , 000 dlr loss reported in the year ago quarter .	the
The company ' s dividend was an unchanged five marks .	It
Peter Valli , vice president of Borg - Warner Corp and president of its industrial products division , will become president and chief executive officer of the new company , according to Clayton .	The
11 : 31 Behold , the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth : much more the wicked and the sinner .	After
The spokesman declined to say how much stockpiled tin the GSA sold last year , however .	In
Individual division 97 . 1 mln vs 89 . 5 mln U . K . Group pensions 10 . 5 mln vs 10 . 6 mln International 13 . 4 mln vs 12 . 4 mln Mercantile and General 24 . 5 mln vs 25 . 2 mln Prudential Portfolio managers 6 . 4 mln vs 1 . 6 mln Prudential Property Services 2 . 1 mln loss vs nil	Interests
And he arose , and followed her .	Then
Last week , the European Commission accepted 785 , 000 tonnes of sugar into intervention by operators protesting about low rebates .	Cargill
God saw the light was good ; And light from darkness by the hemisphere Divided : light the Day , and darkness Night , He named .	``
Ham .	All
This was the amount of the whole story , -- of his communication and of Harriet ' s as soon as she had recovered her senses and speech . -- He dared not stay longer than to see her well ; these several delays left him not another minute to lose ; and Emma engaging to give assurance of her safety to Mrs . Goddard , and notice of there being such a set of people in the neighbourhood to Mr . Knightley , he set off , with all the grateful blessings that she could utter for her friend and herself .	Macd
The same old man and soul -- the same old aspirations , and the same content .	for
He sat up , rubbing his eyes , and behold , the fireworks were the very last rays of the setting sun , and the music was the voice of the other traveller , passing the grove on foot !	37
It has said the auctions were suspended because it planned to introduce a modified system after talks with the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .	It
QUEBEC CAISSE EARNS THREE BILLION DLRS IN 1986 Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec , the government agency which manages the province ' s pension funds , said its investment portfolio earned a net profit of almost three billion Canadian dlrs in 1986 , an increase of 300 mln dlrs over 1985 .	PENSION
New England .	According
PIONEER GROUP & lt ; PIOG > UNIT GETS MORE LAND The Pioneer Group Inc said its 70 pct - owned Teberebie Goldfields Ltd venture has been granted an additional concession of land in Ghana to look for and mine gold .	Stephens
' I should like to have it explained , ' said the Mock Turtle .	63
16 : 29 See , for that the LORD hath given you the sabbath , therefore he giveth you on the sixth day the bread of two days ; abide ye every man in his place , let no man go out of his place on the seventh day .	``
SOVIET 1988 OIL OUTPUT TARGET AT 625 MLN TONNES The Soviet oil production target for 1988 has been set at 625 mln tonnes , a rise of eight mln tonnes over this year ' s planned output .	Depending
It said Courtaulds intends to conduct a tender offer for all the Martin stock it does not own , beginning as soon as necessary documents are prepared .	It
32 : 31 And Moses returned unto the LORD , and said , Oh , this people have sinned a great sin , and have made them gods of gold .	My
Nogales said that Bolivia ' s net international reserves now stood at around 250 mln dlrs , compared to one mln dlrs in disposable funds when the government of Victor Paz Estenssoro took office in August , 1985 .	``
Such a statement may prove useful here .	34
This occurred against a backdrop of uncertainty over the course of U . S . interest rates for the intermediate term , and predictions by a number of economists that Treasury yields would rise in the second half of the year , the sources noted .	But
33 : 20 So Manasseh slept with his fathers , and they buried him in his own house : and Amon his son reigned in his stead .	I
Anybody is kicked out of the house without a character who is so much as found near his dressing - room door . ,	Daisy
None that I know will be , Much that I feare may chance : Good morrow to you : heere the street is narrow : The throng that followes Caesar at the heeles , Of Senators , of Praetors , common Sutors , Will crowd a feeble man ( almost ) to death : Ile get me to a place more voyd , and there Speake to great Caesar as he comes along .	Have
1 : 20 And straightway he called them : and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants , and went after him .	21
USAir put its total cost of completing the tender offer at 1 . 7 billion dlrs .	The
Intervention feed wheat was sold to the home market at this week ' s tender , provisional results show , the Home Grown Cereals Authority ( HGCA ) , said .	But
As part of the agreement , LSB said it also would transfer assets valued of not less than 30 mln dlrs to Northwest Federal , which is located in Woodward , Okla .	The
Where all the people lived who supported all the public houses was in this , as in many other English villages , a silent and smiling mystery .	When
CCC CREDITS FOR BANGLADESH AMENDED - USDA The Commodity Credit Corporation ( CCC ) has reallocated 5 . 0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees previously earmarked for sales of U . S . wheat to provide coverage for sales of U . S . vegetable oil to Bangladesh , the U . S . Agriculture Department said .	PUBLIC
Andy Bartha and his trio have booked into Oceania Lounge .	One
FCS LABORATORIES & lt ; FCSI > ENDS MERGER TALKS FCS Laboratories said its merger talks with another unidentified company in the health care field ended without agreement .	6
Ferrars . ''	39
UNOCAL & lt ; UCL > UNIT CUTS CRUDE OIL POSTED PRICES Unocal Corp ' s Union Oil Co said it lowered its posted prices for crude oil one to 1 . 50 dlrs a barrel in the eastern region of the U . S . , effective Feb 26 .	Dunhill
A statement by the Preferential Trade Area ( PTA ) , which seeks to create a common market stretching from Ethiopia in the north to Lesotho in the south , said the governments would make the first tariff cut next year .	Gordex
Emma wished he would be less pointed , yet could not help being amused ; and when on glancing her eye towards Jane Fairfax she caught the remains of a smile , when she saw that with all the deep blush of consciousness , there had been a smile of secret delight , she had less scruple in the amusement , and much less compunction with respect to her . -- This amiable , upright , perfect Jane Fairfax was apparently cherishing very reprehensible feelings .	Upon
Farm land signed up to date in the conservation program totals 19 , 488 , 587 acres .	It
When the plan was made known to Mary , however , there was an end of all peace in it .	They
Pol .	12
Jacobs said he sold his Gillette stake based on an `` investment decision .	The
Farouk said the ability to manage inventories on the basis of predictable stable prices is `` a vital consideration for multinational tire companies , whether or not consuming countries as a whole claimed to be no longer so seriously concerned about security of the rubber supply . ''	STEEL
A spokesman said the company now has about 70 employees .	The
Shall I bring it to you ? ''	We
34 : 28 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Naphtali , Pedahel the son of Ammihud .	Thus
He did not understand that their one essential historical principle , the one law truly graven on their hearts , was the great and comforting statement that Queen Anne is dead .	13
SOUTH YEMEN PLANS OIL EXPORT PIPELINE - MEES South Yemen is planning a major oil pipeline system to be completed in 18 - months time to start exports at a initial rate of 100 , 000 barrels per day , ( bpd ) the Middle East Economic Survey ( MEES ) said .	The
9 : 27 Esaias also crieth concerning Israel , Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea , a remnant shall be saved : 9 : 28 For he will finish the work , and cut it short in righteousness : because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth .	'
I was searching for an accent of self-delusion or , even , of hypocrisy .	Secretary
Other reasons are low domestic inflation , a bottoming out of the fall in imports in recent years and signs government spending on productive sectors will remain steady .	Acquisition
TAIWAN TO STUDY SUSPENDING FOREX CONTROLS Premier Yu Kuo - Hua ordered financial officials to quicken the pace of relaxing foreign exchange controls and study the possibility of suspending the controls , a cabinet statement said .	Belgium
Lady .	Mal
Ghiringhelli also said the bank planned to convert its representation in London into a subsidiary at the end of this year and further expand activities at its New York subsidiary , particularly in private banking .	Stanley
`` My name is Brown .	12
' How dreadfully savage ! '	and
1 : 35 Then ye shall come up after him , that he may come and sit upon my throne ; for he shall be king in my stead : and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over Judah .	I
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle .	A
Lacking his needed credits in those subjects , Fabian will not graduate with his old classmates next week .	Remove
-- It seems college is n't what it should be .	The
The U . S . official , who asked not to be identified , said Brazil and Colombia may flood the coffee market in the next few months in an effort to drive down prices and pressure other countries , particularly the splinter group of small producers who differed with the major producers in London .	TYCO
`` No .	yes
Reynol .	The
7 : 13 And king Solomon sent and fetched Hiram out of Tyre .	Macb
11 : 14 And when she looked , behold , the king stood by a pillar , as the manner was , and the princes and the trumpeters by the king , and all the people of the land rejoiced , and blew with trumpets : and Athaliah rent her clothes , and cried , Treason , Treason .	In
I did enact Iulius Caesar , I was kill ' d i ' th ' Capitol : Brutus kill ' d me	Let
He said at 46 dlrs per share , Heyman ' s average cost for the company ' s stock would be 44 dlrs per share based on GAF ' s current holdings .	WELBILT
`` The ultimate question is not the price per share or the profit , but rather the permissable standards of conduct for those who would takeover an American company , '' said burlington lawyer Humphrey .	Baker
Miller noted Secretary Schultz is scheduled to meet next month with representatives of the Soviet Union , and the NAWG `` wanted to be certain the secretary was aware of our concerns regarding the reopening of wheat trade with the Soviet Union . ''	INSTINET
And the little Red Man never knew what had become of it , because he didn ' t know where the little Field Mouse lived .	Spring
She wondered , and questioned him eagerly ; but in vain .	``
The stoppage has delayed exports at a time when Brazil desperately needs foreign exchange .	Forming
13 : 9 Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines .	The
-- The powerful New York Yankees won their 19th world series in a 5-game romp over outclassed Cincinnati , crushing the Reds in a humiliating 13-5 barrage Monday in the loosely played finale .	Some
They had nearly done breakfast , when the sound of a carriage , ( almost the first they had heard since entering Lyme ) drew half the party to the window .	``
Denmark ' s net foreign debt rose to 129 pct of total exports in 1986 from 83 pct in 1983 , S and P said .	``
The Letter .	Now
His good friend Perry , too , whom he had spoken to on the subject , did not at present recollect any thing of the riddle kind ; but he had desired Perry to be upon the watch , and as he went about so much , something , he thought , might come from that quarter .	1
20 : 38 For he is not a God of the dead , but of the living : for all live unto him .	5
They said the government would consider its options at a cabinet meeting on Thursday , but added that no final decisions were expected .	Sellers
Since December , nearly five mln French investors have bought shares in Cie Financiere de Paribas & lt ; PARI . PA > and glass maker Cie de Saint - Gobain SA & lt ; SGEP . PA > , the first two state companies brought to the stock market under the 300 billion franc five - year privatisation plan .	USDA
3 : 7 And it shall come to pass , that all they that look upon thee shall flee from thee , and say , Nineveh is laid waste : who will bemoan her ?	15
2 : 4 The children of Shephatiah , three hundred seventy and two .	He
80 : 7 Turn us again , O God of hosts , and cause thy face to shine ; and we shall be saved .	Now
12 : 39 And this know , that if the goodman of the house had known what hour the thief would come , he would have watched , and not have suffered his house to be broken through .	It
And Benhadad fled , and came into the city , into an inner chamber .	Laer
25 : 8 And in the fifth month , on the seventh day of the month , which is the nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon , came Nebuzaradan , captain of the guard , a servant of the king of Babylon , unto Jerusalem : 25 : 9 And he burnt the house of the LORD , and the king ' s house , and all the houses of Jerusalem , and every great man ' s house burnt he with fire .	--
`` The degree of success or failure ( of a takeover ) has not in my experience depended on whether or not the takeover was contested , '' he said .	De
The Creston is purely a potboiler , with Spanish , English , French and American dances mixed into the stew .	There
And beneath the effulgent Antarctic skies I have boarded the Argo - Navis , and joined the chase against the starry Cetus far beyond the utmost stretch of Hydrus and the Flying Fish .	4
AMERICAN EXPRESS DECLARED A TWO - FOR - ONE STOCK SPLIT	``
Oh speake to me , no more , These words like Daggers enter in mine eares .	Oh
`` We haven ' t had a good weather year throughout the beet and cane areas in more than five years , '' said Godfrey , adding that the U . S . may be due for a good weather year .	Retail
Although the paper was not universally welcomed , diplomats said , the proposal to postpone consideration of the tax for a further six months was certain to survive any redrafting .	Finance
`` Let go my arm -- you were in earnest . ''	4
And having gone through what immediately followed of the basis of their disagreement , and his persisting to act in direct opposition to Jane Fairfax ' s sense of right , he made a fuller pause to say , `` This is very bad . -- He had induced her to place herself , for his sake , in a situation of extreme difficulty and uneasiness , and it should have been his first object to prevent her from suffering unnecessarily . -- She must have had much more to contend with , in carrying on the correspondence , than he could .	Her
1 : 5 And David said unto the young man that told him , How knowest thou that Saul and Jonathan his son be dead ?	Cassi
The company did not indicate when it might resubmit the proposals for approval by its shareholders .	Four
In short , this ancient and learned Low Dutch book treated of the commerce of Holland ; and , among other subjects , contained a very interesting account of its whale fishery .	Port
And the young man that kept the watch lifted up his eyes , and looked , and , behold , there came much people by the way of the hill side behind him .	Surmises
The 500 , 000 mt per year plant will be constructed at Jose in eastern Venezuela , and fed by butane produced at PDVSA ' s eastern cryogenic complex .	JAPAN
Last year the House approved his idea to force an annual 10 pct trade surplus cut by those countries .	Inflation
That ' s all I seeke , And am moreouer sutor , that I may Produce his body to the Market - place , And in the Pulpit as becomes a Friend , Speake in the Order of his Funerall	CHAPTER
O , how unlike To that first naked glory !	34
AMERICAN STORES CO 4TH QTR SHR 1 . 57 DLRS VS 1 . 60 DLRS	Swedish
said Mr . Gresham ; `` speak , what do you wish for first ? ''	Until
25 : 8 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Because ye have not heard my words , 25 : 9 Behold , I will send and take all the families of the north , saith the LORD , and Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon , my servant , and will bring them against this land , and against the inhabitants thereof , and against all these nations round about , and will utterly destroy them , and make them an astonishment , and an hissing , and perpetual desolations .	This
Hor .	5
`` Here is one , '' said one of the men , `` it is just little enough . ''	1
The acquisition of the U . S . Life company & lt ; Jackson National > had a small effect in 1986 but its full effect would be felt in the 1987 results , Corby said .	Fisher
`` Hands off from that holiness !	``
Mary spoke with animation of their meeting with , or rather missing , Mr Elliot so extraordinarily .	As
`` It ' s ridiculous to think the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates when the dollar is weak against just one currency .	Frustration
`` You said , just now , '' continued Turnbull , presently , `` that if we did not fight now , we might not want to fight at all .	In
Now , Rory , you are the best fellow in the world , and a THOROUGH GOING friend ; but have a care , or you ' ll get yourself and me into some scrape , before you have done with this violent THOROUGH GOING work .	``
1 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai , in the tabernacle of the congregation , on the first day of the second month , in the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt , saying , 1 : 2 Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel , after their families , by the house of their fathers , with the number of their names , every male by their polls ; 1 : 3 From twenty years old and upward , all that are able to go forth to war in Israel : thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies .	Say
The department said the bonus awarded was 100 . 00 dlrs per tonne and was made to Rahr Malting Co and will be paid in the form of commodities from the inventory stocks of the CCC .	TAIWAN
She ran by , without seeming to mind any of her companions .	'
27 : 46 And Rebekah said to Isaac , I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth : if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth , such as these which are of the daughters of the land , what good shall my life do me ?	``
6 : 28 If there be dearth in the land , if there be pestilence , if there be blasting , or mildew , locusts , or caterpillers ; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land ; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be : 6 : 29 Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man , or of all thy people Israel , when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief , and shall spread forth his hands in this house : 6 : 30 Then hear thou from heaven thy dwelling place , and forgive , and render unto every man according unto all his ways , whose heart thou knowest ; ( for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men : ) 6 : 31 That they may fear thee , to walk in thy ways , so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers .	He
9 : 26 I prayed therefore unto the LORD , and said , O Lord GOD , destroy not thy people and thine inheritance , which thou hast redeemed through thy greatness , which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand .	'
12 : 7 The wicked are overthrown , and are not : but the house of the righteous shall stand .	'
`` I would guarantee you that this company is not in trouble .	Norcros
CREW UNION SETS PACT WITH PACIFIC SOUTHWEST & lt ; PSG > Pacific Southwest Airlines said it reached an agreement with the Southwest Crew Controllers Association needed to satisfy conditions of USAir Group ' s & lt ; U > proposed acquisition of PSA .	He
The Light Louisiana Sweet grade was also increased 50 cts to 19 . 35 dlrs a barrel .	They
Nay , let ' s follow him .	Ah
INVESTOR SELLS 10 PCT RB & lt ; RBI > STAKE Jeffrey Neuman , of Santa Monica , Calif . , told the Securities and Exchange Commission he sold his entire RB Industries Inc stake of 341 , 210 shares , or 10 . 0 pct , of the total outstanding .	The
Up with the reel !	118
Probably he is the thief himself . ''	I
qtr and year 1986 excludes tax loss 1 , 557 , 000 and loss 151 , 000 , respectively .	Alcan
`` It sounded like a gun or something , '' replied the other , with some hesitation ; `` but it seemed to have a singular sort of echo . ''	78
Will ye never have done , Carpenter , with that accursed sound ?	``
But we may still be in time to catch him if we go there in a motor - cab . ''	42
The company said the reason for the cutbacks was because it would not be purchasing a property it had anticipated , and alternative investments will produce significantly lower yields than anticipated .	``
To illustrate , the first blessing in the King James Bible reads : `` Blessed are the poor in spirit ; ;	The
10 : 16 And other sheep I have , which are not of this fold : them also I must bring , and they shall hear my voice ; and there shall be one fold , and one shepherd .	...
Gerasimov said no date had been set for the talks , which would also study the possibility of Soviet technical assistance for Iran ' s oil industry .	He
My sun has his sun and round him obediently wheels , He joins with his partners a group of superior circuit , And greater sets follow , making specks of the greatest inside them .	4
COLOMBIA COFFEE REGISTRATIONS REMAIN OPEN Colombia ' s coffee export registrations remain open and there are no plans to close them since a new marketing policy means an unlimited amount can be registered , Gilberto Arango , president of the private exporters ' association said .	The
He was a very able detective in the German service , and he tried to arrest me ; I arrested him instead , and we had many interesting chats .	What
It is not clear , however , whether all consuming countries will follow suit , as a number of them , in particular Britain , West Germany and Belgium , appeared to have strong reservations , the sources added .	TURKEY
HARRIS CUTS STAKE IN BELL INDUSTRIES & lt ; BI > Harris Associates L . P . , a Chicago investment advisory limited partnership , said it lowered its stake in Bell Industries Inc to 1 , 015 , 800 shares , or 18 . 7 pct of the total outstanding , from 1 , 083 , 800 shares , or 20 . 0 pct .	But
Earlier this week , some 65 , 000 dockworkers cancelled a scheduled national strike to pressure port officials to give them a wage increase and other benefits .	VOLCKER
I am sure there is nobody ' s praise that could give us so much pleasure as Miss Woodhouse ' s .	You
Felix , trembling and cowardly , knew not what to do ; and it was curious to see him obeying Franklin , whose turn it now was to command .	Witness
`` Such attentions as Mrs . Elton ' s , I should have imagined , would rather disgust than gratify Miss Fairfax .	40
Jesus saith unto him , until seventy times seven `` .	They
5 : 15 But so much the more went there a fame abroad of him : and great multitudes came together to hear , and to be healed by him of their infirmities .	``
While gold transactions in Switzerland decreased , the volume of trades outside the country , particularly in London and Luxembourg , increased between 10 - 25 pct , Hofer said .	Mining
A Dayton Hudson spokeswoman would not identify the buyer , but Wall Street sources said Dart Group Corp & lt ; DARTA . O > was the company interested in buying Dayton Hudson stock .	The
The Owens - Illinois subsidiary , which began the tender offer on September 23 , will not be able to buy Brockway ' s common shares until 10 days following Owens - Illinois compliance with the FTC request or other conditions .	The
`` We may have an increase in gnp starting in the second quarter , '' he said in an interview .	BP
7 : 16 For what knowest thou , O wife , whether thou shalt save thy husband ?	I
This very awkward history of Mr Elliot was still , after an interval of several years , felt with anger by Elizabeth , who had liked the man for himself , and still more for being her father ' s heir , and whose strong family pride could see only in him a proper match for Sir Walter Elliot ' s eldest daughter .	asked
her father , H. T. Simpson , Greenville , S.C. , and three sisters , Mrs. W. E. Little and Mrs. Hal B. Wansley , both of Atlanta , and Mrs. Bill Wallace , Wilmington , N.C. .	The
All her feelings of pity were immediately suppressed .	I
Thy words Attentive , and with more delighted ear , Divine instructer , I have heard , than when Cherubick songs by night from neighbouring hills Aereal musick send : Nor knew I not To be both will and deed created free ; Yet that we never shall forget to love Our Maker , and obey him whose command Single is yet so just , my constant thoughts Assured me , and still assure : Though what thou tellest Hath passed in Heaven , some doubt within me move , But more desire to hear , if thou consent , The full relation , which must needs be strange , Worthy of sacred silence to be heard ; And we have yet large day , for scarce the sun Hath finished half his journey , and scarce begins His other half in the great zone of Heaven .	The
Anxious to omit no possible precaution , Anne struggled , and said --	``
YEUTTER SAYS U . S . BUDGET DEFICIT REDUCTION KEY TO TRADE DEFICIT SOLUTION	PONCE
11 : 29 Who is weak , and I am not weak ?	``
Growers fear they may find more empty pods and have to further reduce their forecasts of total yield .	It
Unofficial Japanese estimates put the impact of the tariffs at 10 billion dlrs and spokesmen for major electronics firms said they would virtually halt exports of products hit by the new taxes .	And
`` I tried to tell the police and I couldn ' t , because of some silly oath I took .	``
Duff and Phelps first monthly dividend of four cts was paid on March 10 , it noted .	CABLE
`` Thank you , '' said Syme , `` you flatter me . ''	15
On the contrary , Miss Mao and Mr. Fuller chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as Mendelssohn , Dvorak , Canteloube , Copland and Britten .	It
28 : 12 And landing at Syracuse , we tarried there three days .	You
And she said , An old man cometh up ; and he is covered with a mantle .	I
Whatever it is , it avails not -- distance avails not , and place avails not , I too lived , Brooklyn of ample hills was mine , I too walk ' d the streets of Manhattan island , and bathed in the waters around it , I too felt the curious abrupt questionings stir within me , In the day among crowds of people sometimes they came upon me , In my walks home late at night or as I lay in my bed they came upon me , I too had been struck from the float forever held in solution , I too had receiv ' d identity by my body , That I was I knew was of my body , and what I should be I knew I should be of my body .	*
Under federal law , it can not buy more than 15 pct of Comdata ' s stock until a 15 to 30 day waiting period is over , unless the FTC gives it early approval .	On
12 : 11 Is there iniquity in Gilead ?	49
Speaking at a news conference on the third quarter results which were released earlier today , Odgers said the company faced heavy costs for installing new digital telephone systems in Britain for three to five years .	It
The Gallowes maker ; for that Frame outliues a thousand Tenants	``
22 : 43 And he walked in all the ways of Asa his father ; he turned not aside from it , doing that which was right in the eyes of the LORD : nevertheless the high places were not taken away ; for the people offered and burnt incense yet in the high places .	11
JOHN ADAMS LIFE CORP & lt ; JALC > 4TH QTR LOSS Oper shr loss 24 cts vs profit 24 cts Oper net loss 716 , 000 vs profit 729 , 000 Revs 3 , 673 , 000 vs 7 , 826 , 000 Avg shrs 2 , 930 , 000 vs 2 , 930 , 000 Year Oper shr profit nil vs profit 1 . 31 dlrs Oper net profit 10 , 000 vs profit 3 , 200 , 000 Revs 12 . 9 mln vs 26 . 3 mln Avg shrs 2 , 930 , 000 vs 2 , 454 , 521 NOTE : Net excludes realized investment gains of 2 , 000 dlrs vs 13 , 000 dlrs quarter and 104 , 000 dlrs vs 6 , 000 dlrs year .	Financial
Since little is known about autism , and almost nothing has been written for the layman , we 'd like to share one experienced mother 's comments .	Austin
129 : 4 The LORD is righteous : he hath cut asunder the cords of the wicked .	24
27 : 3 Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident .	``
Born in throes , ' t is fit that man should live in pains and die in pangs !	18
26 : 28 The sons of Joseph after their families were Manasseh and Ephraim .	4
Within a week after the injury , suffered in St. Louis 's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournament , Nordmann was sitting on the Bill 's bench doing what he could to help Benington .	It
why hast thou set me as a mark against thee , so that I am a burden to myself ?	2
`` Certainly , certainly .	A
Seek out one Pip , who ' s now been missing long : I think he ' s in those far Antilles .	And
To meet that request , they had to slash production by 20 pct over the final six weeks of the first quarter .	This
NETWORK & lt ; NETW > TO TAKE 3RD QTR CHARGE Network Control Corp said it intends to take a 250 , 000 dlr charge against earnings for the third quarter ended March 31 and said sales for the quarter would be about 400 , 000 dlrs , about 50 pct below sales in the same year - ago quarter .	CASTLE
It surged last week amid indications Washington was seeking a major rise in its value .	Ivory
Party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own .	The
Abstinence , no falsehood , no gluttony , lust ; The open air I sing , freedom , toleration , ( Take here the mainest lesson -- less from books -- less from the schools , ) The common day and night -- the common earth and waters , Your farm -- your work , trade , occupation , The democratic wisdom underneath , like solid ground for all .	Just
`` They are very pretty , ma ' am -- an ' t they ? ''	Scrubs
The officials , most of them economists , can offer no objective reason why they are not .	ZAYRE
Among Sumitomo ' s problems are limits placed on its move to enter U . S . Securities business by taking a share in American investment bank Goldman , Sachs and Co . Sumitomo last August agreed to pay 500 mln dlrs for a 12 . 5 pct limited partnership in the bank , but for the time being at least , the Federal Reserve Board has forbidden them to exchange personnel , or increase the business they do with each other .	GREYHOUND
The mind of the little priest was always a rabbit - warren of wild thoughts that jumped too quickly for him to catch them .	exclaimed
`` I am extremely glad , indeed , '' cried Anne , `` particularly glad that this should happen ; and that of two sisters , who both deserve equally well , and who have always been such good friends , the pleasant prospect of one should not be dimming those of the other -- that they should be so equal in their prosperity and comfort .	``
Fear of possible competition from fledgling carrier & lt ; Hong Kong Dragon Airways Ltd > may have contributed to Cathay ' s decision to resume service to New Zealand last year , analysts said .	Further
HK SHANGHAI BANK , STANDARD CHARTERED BANK RAISE PRIME ONE - HALF POINT TO 6 . 5 PCT .	``
LIFE OF INDIANA CORP & lt ; LIFI > 4TH QTR LOSS Shr loss two cts vs profit six cts Net loss 103 , 000 vs profit 319 , 000 Revs 4 , 357 , 000 vs 6 , 494 , 000 Avg shrs 5 , 415 , 185 vs 5 , 646 , 185 Year Shr profit 22 cts vs profit 10 cts Net profit 1 , 236 , 000 vs profit 570 , 000 Revs 22 . 2 mln vs 24 . 8 mln Avg shrs 5 , 638 , 596 vs 5 , 646 , 185 NOTE : 1986 net includes tax credits of 30 , 400 dlrs in quartger and 58 , 000 dlrs in year .	Current
17 : 17 For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his will , and to agree , and give their kingdom unto the beast , until the words of God shall be fulfilled .	The
No one can withstand the charm of such a mystery .	with
More than 20 million people live on farms and they own a fourth of the nation 's trucks , buy more gasoline than any other industry and provide a major market for home appliances , chemicals and other products .	However
Ant .	But
`` See the head of the asylum , '' repeated Dr . Quayle .	Then
ejaculated Brown suddenly , `` I wonder if it could possibly be that ! ''	20
But he called that a small amount compared to the amount other investors have for acquisitions .	``
Fendt said although the February results were lower than the average expected for the rest of the year , the government ' s target of an eight billion dlr surplus for 1987 should be achieved .	The
Nazer said the output level did not mean the kingdom had returned to a role of `` swing producer `` within OPEC .	He
BEI & lt ; BEIH > ACQUIRES IVEY - ROWTON AND ASSOCIATES BEI Holdings Ltd said it acquired Ivey - Rowton and Associates , a Nashville , Tenn .- based bank marketing firm .	USDA
Hawkins said the merger has been assessed by independent consultants and declared fair in all respects , with benefits to all shareholders .	This
`` The fact is that while there are ample supplies of coffee available at present , there is a shortage of quality , '' he said .	Metrobanc
said Turnbull .	To
This incomprehensible man from the fierce council , after all , had certainly pursued him .	She
Mrs . Ferrars at first reasonably endeavoured to dissuade him from marrying Miss Dashwood , by every argument in her power ; -- told him , that in Miss Morton he would have a woman of higher rank and larger fortune ; -- and enforced the assertion , by observing that Miss Morton was the daughter of a nobleman with thirty thousand pounds , while Miss Dashwood was only the daughter of a private gentleman with no more than THREE ; but when she found that , though perfectly admitting the truth of her representation , he was by no means inclined to be guided by it , she judged it wisest , from the experience of the past , to submit -- and therefore , after such an ungracious delay as she owed to her own dignity , and as served to prevent every suspicion of good - will , she issued her decree of consent to the marriage of Edward and Elinor .	``
I don ' t think that . ''	SUBURBAN
10 : 28 Thus Jehu destroyed Baal out of Israel .	``
I like a job of that sort excessively . '	Ghost
3 : 28 He sitteth alone and keepeth silence , because he hath borne it upon him .	But
PAINE WEBBER RESIDENTIAL REALTY INC & lt ; PWM > DIV Qtrly 25 cts vs 16 cts Pay March 30 Record March 13 NOTE : Prior qtr is for two months operation , October and November and represents a parital dividend .	He
Here Mr . Weston joined them , and on hearing what was proposed , gave it his decided approbation .	A
15 : 40 There are also celestial bodies , and bodies terrestrial : but the glory of the celestial is one , and the glory of the terrestrial is another .	So
After the announcement , the company ' s stock retreated , closing at 93 - 7 / 8 , up 1 - 3 / 8 .	BAKER
8 : 14 Of the sons also of Bigvai ; Uthai , and Zabbud , and with them seventy males .	But
`` Lud , child , you are turned simpleton all of a sudden ; how can your brother disturb her more than the real chimney - sweeper ? ''	Those
To thine owne peace : if he be now return ' d , As checking at his Voyage , and that he meanes No more to vndertake it ; I will worke him To an exployt now ripe in my Deuice , Vnder the which he shall not choose but fall ; And for his death no winde of blame shall breath , But euen his Mother shall vncharge the practice , And call it accident : Some two Monthes hence Here was a Gentleman of Normandy , I ' ue seene my selfe , and seru ' d against the French , And they ran well on Horsebacke ; but this Gallant Had witchcraft in ' t ; he grew into his Seat , And to such wondrous doing brought his Horse , As had he beene encorps ' t and demy - Natur ' d With the braue Beast , so farre he past my thought , That I in forgery of shapes and trickes , Come short of what he did	I
O , by what name , for thou above all these , Above mankind , or aught than mankind higher , Surpassest far my naming ; how may I Adore thee , Author of this universe , And all this good to man ?	3
ENTERTAINMENT PUBLICATIONS SEES 31 CTS / SHR 3RD QTR LOSS ON UNITS DISPOSAL	ATPC
Last year , almost 245 mln acres of those crops were harvested .	McLean
17 : 25 But first must he suffer many things , and be rejected of this generation .	Now
It is encouraging people to marry if you make so much of them . ''	said
5 : 8 They were as fed horses in the morning : every one neighed after his neighbour ' s wife .	16
Enter Horatio and Marcellus .	You
`` I ' m sorry , '' said the other .	But
BRAZILIAN LABOUR UNREST SPREADS , MANY BANKS SHUT Brazil ' s labour unrest is spreading , with many banks , universities and government statistical offices on strike and more pay disputes looming .	The
13 : 5 Wherefore ye must needs be subject , not only for wrath , but also for conscience sake .	In
23 : 18 And Abishai , the brother of Joab , the son of Zeruiah , was chief among three .	Bru
Full name is International Power Machines Corp .	North
So Samuel went and lay down in his place .	Sufficient
`` Aye , aye ! ''	All
The dome had been redecorated so as to give it a more solemn and somewhat more ecclesiastical note ; the ball was draped or destroyed , and round the gallery , under the cross , ran what looked like a ring of silver statues , like the little leaden images that stood round the hat of Louis XI .	26
The shortfall could reach two billion dollars in 1988 and would be only slightly less this year , he said .	Kraft
She sat by the drawing - room fire after tea , till the moment of Lady Middlet